For the last demo of this course,
I want to give you some tips and tricks for navigating the Pluralsight site.
Notice that I am on a full-fidelity computer here,
not using one of the Pluralsight mobile applications.
I would recommend you use the full fidelity site in order to get
access to all the goodies that I'm about to show you.
So let's say, for instance, you're interested in CompTIA A+.
I'm just picking on this, because I know it's a very popular learning track.
The fact that I taught it is significant to me,
but it's probably not significant to other people.
But you'll notice here that when we you do a search,
we have All results, and then we can filter the view on just Courses,
and then we can filter on Paths.
The MTA exam is just a single exam, so there's not a path for it,
but a more comprehensive certification like CompTIA A+ that
actually requires you to take two exams,
we actually have a learning path designed for it.
And the path, if you're an enterprise customer,
has some additional goodies,
like being able to access the Transcender practice exams,
and also to take advantage of mentoring services.
Let me just dip into hardware for CompTIA A+.
This is a specific course.
A common question I receive from students is how do I
get access to the exercise files?
Well, in the web player, let me scroll down a little bit,
instead of the Table of contents, you can come on over to Exercise files,
and for this course there will be a single Download exercise files link.
What that is is a zip file that contains a couple different things.
Now this is for my A+ hardware course that has 15 modules.
The MTA course that you're finishing has 20 modules,
so you'll have 20 PDFs that reference my slide decks from each module,
and you'll also have an exercise files folder.
Normally, but not always, they contain a single file called demos.
txt, and what I do with my demos.
txt file is I put hyperlinks that reference everything I
discuss and teach in that particular module.
So this saves you from having to worry about taking notes.
That having been said, notes are absolutely available in our courses.
You've probably noticed, if you go over to Table of contents,
and you fire up a video, let me pause the playback here,
we can come over to the right-hand side,
and there's a Notes area.
Add your note, and this could be supplemental info,
good to know information, make sure to study this subject particularly hard.
You can make those notes, and each time you press Enter it's a save operation.
Final thing I want to show you here is the Discussion.
You can communicate with me at any time via email or through my Twitter,
TechTrainerTim.
I give you my email at the end of this module,
but there's the Discussion tab as well.
I don't remember what we use for our identity,
I think it's discuss based on this icon that's showing up on the screen,
but you create a free discuss account, if you don't already have one,
and you can leave questions, comments, concerns,
and curiosities.
Generally, I have so many courses, I've taught maybe 50 or more courses,
so it's difficult for me to monitor those myself,
so honestly the discussion is fine,
but you might want to send me an email instead.
This is my personal email that you see up here.
I'm fine with you having it, though, timothywarner316@gmail.
com.
My work email is timothy-warner@Pluralsight.
com. I'm happy to make your acquaintance.